ECommerce-Microservices Plan:

   Order Processing : 

   Now this is major point of development. Need a centralized order-management via order table : [Customer : READ, ADMIN - READ/WRITE, DELIVERY - READ/WRITE]

   the story should be following manner:

   1. Once the payment is confimed, and just before redirection to home page, the table should be created with given fields(subjected to change)

   2. This table should contains the cart info & payment-order required details [Customer side order table interaction 1]

   3. Admin will come in to the picture now, As this order is going to be managed by admin from now on, so order table should have read-write access to admin.

   4. Order processing sequence 1 : A notification should be sent to admin for, Approving the order. If admin approves it, order-status : Order-Approved

   5. Order processing sequence 2 : Once the order is approved, customer should /get the receipt: cart, payment, order-status. 
                                    Also email & notification with order_id & expected-delivery-date
                                    order-status : Bill Generated

   6. Order processing sequence 3 : Admin will send this order to seller's location delivery-partner now. (order table with read-write access by delivery & admin)
                                    order-status : Delivery Assgined

   7. Order processing sequence 4 : Delivery will ask Seller to make the items ready for pickup
                                    order-status : Picked Up

   8. Order processing sequence 5 : Delivery will stack the item in self.
                                    order-status : At Delivery Hub : [Pincode]
  
   9. Order processing sequence 6 : Delivery will send the item to customer's location hub.
                                    order-status : In Transit
   
   10. Order processing sequence 7 : Delivery will collect the order and stack in self.
                                     order-status : At Delivery Hub : [Pincode]
  
   11. Order processing sequence 8 : Delivery will assign a delivery boy for order delivery with given time.
                                     order-status : Out for Delivery

   12. Order processing sequence 9 : Customer will share an OTP with delivery boy, receive the package.
                                     order-status : Completed
   
   id
   customer-name
   customer-email
   customer-phone
   delivery-address
   payment-amount
   payment-status
   payment-id
   order-status : [
    Payment Confirmed,(customer) 
    Order Confirmed(Admin), 
    Order sent to seller for pickup(admin, delivery), 
    Seller gave the items(seller, delivery), 
    order stacked in seller's location hub,(delivery)
    order shipped to customer's location,(delivery)
    order out for delivery,(delivery)
    order delivered,(delivery, customer)
   ]
   expected-delivery-date
   
